How to play the game of Double Dice

The player begins with $100.00. NOTE: DOUBLE variable "money" starts with with 100.00. add to while loops condition: while(
The player is asked for a bet amount, NOTE: sout("How much would you like to bet (Enter 0 to quit)?") + while statement
and then a pair of dice are rolled. NOTE: roll() will be a method inside of Die class.
If the two values on the dice are the same (if the player rolled doubles), the player wins an amount equal to their bet amount.
If the two values on the dice do not match, the player loses their bet amount.
The game ends when either the player decides to end the game, or when the player runs out of money.

Be sure to thoroughly test your code!  Be sure your output matches the pattern of the sample output provided; creative latitude is allowed, however, the following use cases should be checked by you, and will be checked by the instructor:
Amounts printed as dollars must show a dollar sign with two decimal places. NOTE: toString will help with this. will most likely use " $%.2f\n"
You must be able to bet in dollars AND cents, and not just whole dollars.
The output must show the dice rolls, whether or not the player won, how much the player won or lost, and the dollar amount the player has at the beginning of each turn.  The bet prompt should contain some instruction around how the player can exit the game, i.e. "Enter 0 to quit."
You may follow the sample output provided, or use your own wording.
You will have to play your game many, many times to be sure it is working properly.
Check to be sure the player is paid when they win and the player’s account is deducted when the player loses.
Be sure the player actually wins when the dice are the same, and actually loses when the dice are different.
The player also should not be able to bet a negative number, or zero dollars; the player should not be able to bet more than they have. //NOTE: while (moneyInp <= 0 && moneyInp > currentMoney) { sout("cant do that :3!"); moneyInp = scnr.nextDouble;
The player also should not be able to bet a non-numeric value, like “frog”.  The program should not crash if the player enters a non-numeric bet.
The game should automatically end when the player runs out of money.


